alright what have you to put a boxing
fans this guy in your Khan is a fucking
fraud aamir khan as a fighter I know
he's fucking delusional right now it's
ridiculous his head has gotten so big
over you know missing the floyd
mayweather fight just being in talks
with Floyd Mayweather being considered a
front-runner for Floyd Mayweather has
completely expanded is his ego to the
point where he thinks that he can just
duck it diggy can just play duck duck
goose you know find another goose find
another Juan Diaz you know maybe get an
easy victory and somehow be the
front-runner I want to get floating
there whether it's you know incredible
there you know he's probably getting
offered an equal sum of money or more
could you imagine that he's getting hot
offered um at least what he would have
got for Floyd Mayweather you know and we
know Floyd Mayweather does not give too
much paper be revenue to is it to his
opponent right so aamir khan's giving um
is is turning down five million dollars
plus to face Kell Brook an unproven
welterweight if you don't want to fight
Kell Brook a welter who the fuck do you
want to fight you know he's an unproven
undefeated welterweight it would get
your name right on the map and it would
prove you're the best Walter way in the
UK bar none right you know we don't even
know if I'm aircons the best
welterweight in the UK you know you
don't even know that you know it's
ridiculous and he's ducking Kell Brook
now after being offered um big money by
eddie hearn this is what Aamir Khan had
to say if I'm getting mentioned against
the likes of Floyd Mayweather and I
think Kell Brook
is quite far away from me yet you don't
you know what are your options as an
opponent you tell my fighting in May who
are you gonna fight you know who are you
gonna fight everyone you're gonna fight
is not gonna be the likes of funny would
it the Kell Brook is just as good as any
other fighter out there in the UK you
know I he Aamir Khan basically claims
he's on different level than Kell Brook
you know he said there are few opponents
we were looking at he's focused on
fighting in America so he doesn't think
it will be in the UK um so so there you
have it Aamir Khan wants no part of Cal
broken what would be a mega fight in the
UK this would be a huge fight um and I
just gotta I gotta say one thing um as
much as you know we here in the boxing
community might uh criticize Carl Froch
um there's not one true boxing fender
does not respect how call Froch puts it
all on the line and how he is a fighter
realistically um I can't think of a
moment where he's duct an opponent other
than Adonis Stevenson who was his
mandatory other than Adonis Stevenson
Carl Froch has ducked no one fought
everyone he could and has earned the
respect of the majority of boxing fans
and I think there's a reason why Aamir
Khan there's a lack of respect for aamir
khan because of the politics behind the
scenes you know the shenanigans of him
ducking fighters you know passing on
devon alexander where that could have
won him when they were the fight you
know I he passed on Devon Alexander he's
passing on Kell Brook here it will be an
excellent excellent contest where you
know Amir Khan's more
inst fought better opposition and Kell
Brook is a young up-and-coming popular
fighter in the UK that that wants to
make a name for himself as well and it
would be an excellent fight and overall
you know who was a mere kaan look in the
fight you know exactly he can't fight
zab judah and paulie malignaggi and who
is looking to fight let's be honest what
is easy looking to fight Keith Urban is
he looking to fight Shawn Porter I don't
think so I don't think aamir khan's are
gonna fight those two guys you know who
I'm gonna take a look at the
welterweight division right now and and
maybe I could find an opponent for aamir
khan maybe let's see you gonna fight
Carlos Luis Abregu I don't think so
maybe he'll fight luis collazo and
that's a stretch net and that's a
stretch you know personally I think the
best part for me I can't is adrien
broner I think that is the best
stylistic matchup that Aamir Khan can
take right now you're that or maybe a
Robert Guerrero but I think ray'll would
be his ass so on overall I don't i'm not
sure if Adrian Brown want to take on a
mere kaam but uh I think that's one
fight that that you know it would be a
good sell for sure but I'm not sure who
I'm Amir Khan really has is a realistic
option um and I'd like to see him get in
there if he's not gonna fight Kell Brook
I like to see him really proven selva
fight for a title and you know and Kell
Brook his number one on the IBF so I'll
tell you hacked up a lot about them I'm
York on really shouldn't shouldn't be
number three even WBC because he hasn't
done shit in the division but uh yeah I
expect Aamir Khan to try and call out
Adrian Brown are probably or maybe or
maybe
he can still fight Devon Alexander who
knows let me know you guys think is what
it is peace out take care